Topic sentence:
  As a user, I want to be able to view and/or store my basic personal information (email, phone number, address, zip code, date of birth, language preference, 
movie preference, search history) into the application so it will be more convenient for me to use the app, both for functionality and security.
  

Happy path: 

1. After creating an account, or signing in to your existing account, I can go to the settings and add/edit my personal information including but not 
limited to my email, phone number, address, zip code, date of birth, language preference, movie preference, etc.

2. These data will be stored permanently in the web application's database. So, I log into my account after a few days, I can still see my personal
profile. Sometimes, the system will ask me to update my personal information. For example, once every year, just in case I changed my phone number, or 
moved to another city.

3. If I forget my password, I can reset it by clicking forgot password. The application will then ask for the email I originally registered. If it matched
to the one I entered to my personal profile, the application will then send it to my email and I can enter a temporary password and reset my password.

4. If I want to search any movie, the web application will also store my search history to the personal profile. 

5. Whenever, I want to access or edit my personal profile or review my search history, I would simply go to settings and personal profile.

 
Exceptions: 
1. As a user, if my user profile is blank, I would expect to see a message from the web application saying "Please enter user information: email, 
phone number, address". All the basic stuff.

Why this function is important for our app?
1. Every time users want to use this web application, they can easily track their personal information. More convenience to the user, the more user we
will have. And as software engineers, we want our software user experience engineered to be as complete as possible.
